so it's both which is 20 plus two hits
and in the am just got done well to just
finishing up with my and Hardy off
nothing too intense just you know and a
little bit of walk in the morning and
this one actually just went to the
supermarket picked up some spinach and
just an easy way to get out the house to
do some cars you around just walking
around the mean streets nothing's
England so wouldn't pick that off and I
began home making breakfast and so I
bring it up when I arrived home then I'm
ready to eat so I've just read out 80
grams of blueberries at 17 I'm going to
be making that up in a second I just got
the eggs i'm cookin got some spinach in
there I've just finished boiling the
kettle so while this is finishing up
cooking I'm going to make the baby rice
source stateroom and see what the entire
meal looks like so every over the first
meal guys and this is baby rice with
some blueberries mixed in and if you're
making baby rice I would HIGHLY highly
recommend you get some of them some
whisks the electric whisk I'm just put
through the part away it just makes it
so much easier to mix up and you get you
know really good consistency it looks
almost a yogurt bottom tier swords and
then you've got em the six eggs sort of
scrumble saw it along with a little bit
of high ridge with some spinach in I
wouldn't this it's about 20 29 now press
at the gym about tenish so stay tuned
for the next clip feed me more so I just
got done with heavy triceps pumping back
pause write a check which is 30 grams of
Malta's extra and 10 grams of glutamine
five grams of branched-chain amino acids
five grams of creatine and going to have
this now get all I'll be oven and some
white rice little bit vegetables and
some cod some whitefish and then i'll be
going on for the dates Connie's birthday
today my fiancee girlfriend whatever the
hell you want to call us she's my
fiancee though
in heading out to newcastle for the day
and i jolly despite what people think
and so i'll be taking probably two meals
with me so and she's going to finish
this off get all i'll show you that male
so guys just got done with the last meal
it was like I said white rice and some
green beans and peas and and some fish
didn't get a full office without a m4
door take four travas provider take a
video of it's because I'm gonna rush
bought em I'm all we're going shopping
for the day and heading out to Newcastle
so I'm just going to assure you the full
of crap Mme bug obviously and following
at your body building sound guys you
know what preparation is key and it
probably food otherwise you look like
fools so let's take a look at what we've
got right here this is just an emergency
shake it's a combination of egg white
and micellar casein and whey protein
isolate powder and actually done a video
of that will be open the channel by the
time you see this explaining why I'm a
doer why I'm sort of using a blend of
proteins so that's that's gonna check
that video out if you want to know why
that is boss this is just an emergency
mailing case I'm not back in time to end
have you know some techie or something
like that so just got that with me I'll
be drinking out with water but later on
so we've also got em some CLA and some
fish oils in here there sobbing some
amiga 3 and fish oils are and then in
here we've also got two meals I won't
get them all the bugs so i'll be showing
them later anyway one is tacky and brown
rice with vegetables either there is
fish with brown rice and vegetables and
it's 60 grams of brown rice and each
meal 200 grams of turkey and evolved to
50 or so grams of novel 20 grams of fish
and in that so that's going to do me
hopefully hopefully just the two meals
will last me until I got back and I can
have em some more meat and veggies later
there if not about the protein shake
have so that's a guy's em I'll bring you
videos throughout the day stay tuned and
cheeky bicep shot far captain america
around the gods and tom seaver here CLA
dreams and the mother taking grace and
green beans broccoli and beans into some
good old cage tour so I'm sorry this
whole check back the next meal just
going to wash that down with a little
bit of sugar free jelly easy where to
get it in in a figure idea just gone up
a little bit of the snow someone that
lasts me pretty much the full day so she
can have a little bit no just something
feel full so it's 25 plus five next meal
is fish rice fish brown rice broccoli
green beans and peas again and nothing
too exciting here just out in Newcastle
doing a bit of shopping and I'm going to
eat this and then present a little bit
jelly and then this will be the last
lock abs for the day the rest of the
calves will be from vegetables so going
to enjoy this statue of the next clip
now that wasn't the Smeal but this
footage was filmed weeks ago I wouldn't
just got wrong to edit in it on the 8th
of june so i do not remember why if the
last meal but more slightly being some
meat and veggies and possibly a protein
shake later in the day but that's it for
this video guys hope you enjoyed it like
comment subscribe keep clanging and
banging